Initial orders report user documentation (#3748)
woocommerce/woocommerce-admin: docs/woocommerce.com/analytics-orders-report.md

# Orders Report

> The Orders Report provides insight about the order of your store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orders Report provides insight about your store's orders.
```

> By default, orders with included statuses are listed by order date descending. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, orders with non-excluded statuses are listed by order date descending. Excluded statuses can be edited on the [Settings page](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-admin/blob/master/docs/woocommerce.com/analytics-settings.md#excluded-statuses)
```
